Syntax highlight editor for Windows Forms 2.0+

===Status===
The new SyntaxBox have been upgraded to C#3 and compiles for .NET 2.0.

Work in progress:
 * New parser
 * New renderer
===Features===
Powerful Syntax Highlight Windows Forms Control for the Microsoft.NET Platform. 
Written in 100% managed C#. 

*Features:* 
 * [SyntaxHighlight]
 * Syntax description files 
 * [Folding]
 * [Bracket Matching]
 * Unlimited Undo/Redo buffer 
 * Bitmap and non-monospace fonts 
 * Gutter margin / line number margin 
 * Gutter Icons 
 * Bookmarks 
 * Breakpoints 
 * Wave lines 
 * Word Tooltips 
 * Autolist 
 * Infotip 
 * Intellimouse 
 * Built in dialogs 
 * Visible Whitespace Support 
 * RegEx pattern matching 
 * [Print Preview] 
 * Split View 
 * HTML Export 
 * RTF Export (via clipboard) 
 * Spell checking (using 3d party checker) 

And much more , download the trial Version today and try it! 


===History===
The *SyntaxBox* is a very only project of mine.
It started back in 2001 when me and my brother formed the company *Compona*
Our aim was to sell components over the internet.
Our first product was the Compona SyntaxBox and it was pretty much an instant success as there were very few competing products at that time.

Since we ran our company on our sparetime and I was the only developer of the SyntaxBox, I ended up with a bit too many support cases.
After a few years I had to give it up because I had virtually no free time of my own anymore.

In 2005 the project was turned into opensource and released on [http://puzzleframework.com].
And it have been hibernating there ever since.

However, due to public request I am now kicking some life into it again.
I have converted the entire project to C#3 and cleaned up the code and API quite a bit.
----
See the downloads section for resources.